src/pages/additive/optifine-features.md, before:

---
layout: "../../layouts/Layout.astro"
title: "Additive/OptiFine features"
description: "Additive's OptiFine replacement features in a table."
style: "additive"
---

OptiFine used to be the go-to solution for enhancing performance in Minecraft and offered many additional features that users loved. However, recent developments have changed the situation. OptiFine functions as a type of "all-in-one" mod, making it impossible to disable certain features that are incompatible with other mods. Additionally, its closed-source nature presents a challenge for modders who are unable to fix compatibility issues. OptiFine is not natively compatible with Fabric and requires a separate mod, OptiFabric, which is difficult to keep up to date. This has led to the creation of alternative mods that work just as well, if not better, and are easier to update.

A common issue that people have is that every feature is in a separate mod. This project aims to fix this by neatly organizing all these alternatives into an easy to maintain modpack, and configuring mods where needed. While some features may be missing temporarily when new versions of Minecraft release, the partial release of Additive is typically available faster than OptiFine. Have any ideas? Open up an issue with the name of the mod and what it does, and I may consider adding it.

Here is the list of OptiFine features that are present in this pack. If I have missed any and got anything wrong here, please let me know through the issue tracker or my Discord server. Link on the sidebar. Even if you aren't using Additive, this list can also be generally useful to figure out what to install, and you may want to share it with others!

- ✅ Available
- ⛔ Unavailable

| Feature                     | 1.21.11 | 1.21.10 | 1.21.1 (LTS) | 1.20.1 (LTS) | Provider (> means if not available then)                                                                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------------ | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Optimization                | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [adrenaline/Performance features](/adrenaline/performance-features)                                                                             |
| Shaders                     | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Iris](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris)                                                                                                           |
| Dynamic Lights              | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights)                                                                                 |
| Zoom                        | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Ok Zoomer](https://modrinth.com/mod/ok-zoomer) > [Zoomify](https://modrinth.com/mod/zoomify) > [Zume](https://modrinth.com/mod/zume)           |
| Better Grass                | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [LambdaBetterGrass](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdabettergrass) > [BetterGrassify](https://www.modrinth.com/mod/bettergrassify)                 |
| Connected Textures          | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)                                                                                               |
| Custom Item Textures        | ⛔      | ⛔      | ✅           | ✅           | [CIT Resewn](https://modrinth.com/mod/cit-resewn)                                                                                               |
| Custom Entity Models        | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entity-model-features)                                                                         |
| Capes                       | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Cape Provider](https://modrinth.com/mod/cape-provider) > [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes)                                               |
| Animated Textures           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/animatica)                                                                                                 |
| Particle Control            | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Detail Control              | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Animation Control           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Miscellaneous Toggles       | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Custom Colors               | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Polytone](https://modrinth.com/mod/polytone)                                                                                                   |
| Custom GUI                  | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/optigui)                                                                                                     |
| Custom Sky                  | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Nuit](https://modrinth.com/mod/nuit) + [Nuit Interop](https://modrinth.com/mod/nuit-interop) > [Skyboxify](https://modrinth.com/mod/skyboxify) |
| Emissive Blocks             | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)                                                                                               |
| Emissive Entities           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)                                                                       |
| Random Entities             | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)                                                                       |
| Resource pack splash screen | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Puzzle](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzle)                                                                                                       |

Commit message:

feat: full site redesign
based on devins.page
this took like 5 hours im soo sleepy zzz

src/pages/additive/optifine-features.md, after:

---
layout: "../../layouts/WikiPage.astro"
title: "OptiFine features"
description: "All of the OptiFine features that Additive replaces."
style: "additive"
---

OptiFine used to be the go-to solution for enhancing performance in Minecraft and offered many additional features that users loved. However, recent developments have changed the situation. OptiFine functions as a type of "all-in-one" mod, making it impossible to disable certain features that are incompatible with other mods. Additionally, its closed-source nature presents a challenge for modders who are unable to fix compatibility issues. OptiFine is not natively compatible with Fabric and requires a separate mod, OptiFabric, which is difficult to keep up to date. This has led to the creation of alternative mods that work just as well, if not better, and are easier to update.

A common issue that people have is that every feature is in a separate mod. This project aims to fix this by neatly organizing all these alternatives into an easy to maintain modpack, and configuring mods where needed. While some features may be missing temporarily when new versions of Minecraft release, the partial release of Additive is typically available faster than OptiFine. Have any ideas? Open up an issue with the name of the mod and what it does, and I may consider adding it.

Here is the list of OptiFine features that are present in this pack. If I have missed any and got anything wrong here, please let me know through the issue tracker or my Discord server. Link on the sidebar. Even if you aren't using Additive, this list can also be generally useful to figure out what to install, and you may want to share it with others!

| Feature                     | 1.21.11 | 1.21.10 | 1.21.1 (LTS) | 1.20.1 (LTS) | Provider (> means if not available then)                                                                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------------ | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Optimization                | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [adrenaline/Performance features](/adrenaline/performance-features)                                                                             |
| Shaders                     | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Iris](https://modrinth.com/mod/iris)                                                                                                           |
| Dynamic Lights              | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdynamiclights)                                                                                 |
| Zoom                        | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Ok Zoomer](https://modrinth.com/mod/ok-zoomer) > [Zoomify](https://modrinth.com/mod/zoomify) > [Zume](https://modrinth.com/mod/zume)           |
| Better Grass                | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [LambdaBetterGrass](https://modrinth.com/mod/lambdabettergrass) > [BetterGrassify](https://www.modrinth.com/mod/bettergrassify)                 |
| Connected Textures          | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)                                                                                               |
| Custom Item Textures        | ⛔      | ⛔      | ✅           | ✅           | [CIT Resewn](https://modrinth.com/mod/cit-resewn)                                                                                               |
| Custom Entity Models        | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entity-model-features)                                                                         |
| Capes                       | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Cape Provider](https://modrinth.com/mod/cape-provider) > [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes)                                               |
| Animated Textures           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/animatica)                                                                                                 |
| Particle Control            | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Detail Control              | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Animation Control           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Miscellaneous Toggles       | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)                                                                                           |
| Custom Colors               | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Polytone](https://modrinth.com/mod/polytone)                                                                                                   |
| Custom GUI                  | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/optigui)                                                                                                     |
| Custom Sky                  | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Nuit](https://modrinth.com/mod/nuit) + [Nuit Interop](https://modrinth.com/mod/nuit-interop) > [Skyboxify](https://modrinth.com/mod/skyboxify) |
| Emissive Blocks             | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)                                                                                               |
| Emissive Entities           | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)                                                                       |
| Random Entities             | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)                                                                       |
| Resource pack splash screen | ✅      | ✅      | ✅           | ✅           | [Puzzle](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzle)                                                                                                       |
