src/pages/additive/supporter-cape.md, before:

---
layout: "../../layouts/Layout.astro"
title: "Additive/Supporter cape"
description: "How to get a free cape with Additive."
style: "additive"
---

As of Additive 1.15.0, you can get a free themed cape to support the pack. People using the [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes) mod, for example, Fabulously Optimized users and other Additive users can see this cape. You can also use your own custom cape if you don't want to use the Additive one. With the Capes mod, you can also view capes from other sources, such as OptiFine.

## Instructions to apply a cape

1. [Sign up/sign in](https://minecraftcapes.net/account/register) to MinecraftCapes
2. Download either variants the official Additive cape: (![additive-cape](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/221094289-08e6173e-89a9-4fde-b959-bb4c823779f1.png) or ![additive-cape-simple](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/222319466-6acb92f8-49fe-4e52-af0a-320070952e6b.png)) (right click image, save as) or [draw a cape and download it](https://minecraftcapes.net/gallery/cape-editor)
3. [Upload your chosen cape](https://minecraftcapes.net/upload-cape) to MinecraftCapes
4. Open Minecraft with Additive installed
5. View your cape in-game! Anyone with Additive, Fabulously Optimized or others using the Capes mod can see it

## Additive cape preview

![Supporter cape preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/221094164-36da205e-f10f-49a0-8a6d-0f44f574b0a3.png)
![Simple supporter cape preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/222319579-2b6fefca-4a1b-4823-accb-61d94380a3b8.png)

Commit message:

feat: full site redesign
based on devins.page
this took like 5 hours im soo sleepy zzz

src/pages/additive/supporter-cape.md, after:

---
layout: "../../layouts/WikiPage.astro"
title: "Supporter cape"
description: "Get a free cape with Additive."
style: "additive"
---

With [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/capes), which is included in Additive, you can get a free themed cape of any choice. People using the Capes mod, for example, Fabulously Optimized users, and other Additive users can see this cape. You can also view capes from other sources, such as OptiFine.

## Instructions to apply any cape

1. [Sign up/sign in](https://minecraftcapes.net/account/register) to MinecraftCapes
2. [Draw a cape and download it](https://minecraftcapes.net/gallery/cape-editor), or download either variants of the pre-made Additive cape: ([additive-cape](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/221094289-08e6173e-89a9-4fde-b959-bb4c823779f1.png) or [additive-cape-simple](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/222319466-6acb92f8-49fe-4e52-af0a-320070952e6b.png)) (right click image, save as)
3. [Upload your chosen cape](https://minecraftcapes.net/upload-cape) to MinecraftCapes
4. Open Minecraft with Additive installed
5. View your cape in-game! Anyone with Additive, Fabulously Optimized or others using the Capes mod can see it

## Additive cape preview

![Supporter cape preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/221094164-36da205e-f10f-49a0-8a6d-0f44f574b0a3.png)
![Simple supporter cape preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42325132/222319579-2b6fefca-4a1b-4823-accb-61d94380a3b8.png)
